The move has caught most analysts by surprise, as Musk has publicly clashed with both companies recently.
Indian Americans are optimistic about India’s future, but wary of US-India ties under a second Trump term.
Across India anxiety is growing about the early onset of summer and its impact on the economy.
Lalit Modi is wanted by Indian authorities in connection with corruption allegations, which he denies.
Who ended as the tournament's leading run-scorer? Who took the most wickets? And who was selected in the official team of the tournament?
Indian Americans are optimistic about India’s future, but wary of US-India ties under a second Trump term.
A war of words has erupted over a policy that deals with what languages children are taught in schools.
The plane's toilets broke down as they were clogged by plastic bags and clothes, "causing discomfort to all".
A man was killed and two women, including an Israeli tourist, were allegedly gang-raped last week.
Across India anxiety is growing about the early onset of summer and its impact on the economy.
Indian deportee tells BBC about his risky journey and how Trump’s tactics are spreading fear. 
Yo Yo Honey Singh, who transformed Indian hip-hop, has made a comeback after a long battle with drug abuse.
The Champions Trophy had its moments but familiar issues leave apathy as the biggest threat to international cricket's future, writes BBC Sport's Matthew Henry.
Data from India's second Time Use Survey shows that women still do far more domestic work than men.
Sthal is notable for the unflinching way it portrays a bride's experience in arranged marriage.
A photojournalist narrates his experience of capturing the world's biggest religious gathering for decades.
Does the world's largest religious gathering ever go to sleep? The BBC filmed through the night to find out.
The star was stopped from busking ahead of his concert in the southern Indian city of Bengaluru.
Officials say the unlikely pair fell into the water when the tiger was chasing the boar.
Several people are feared killed in the crush at the Kumbh Mela, the world's largest religious gathering.
India's bristle worms are often overlooked. But they are crucial to the health of the country's wetlands – so local women are working to catch the poachers decimating their population.
Indian Americans are optimistic about India’s future, but wary of US-India ties under a second Trump term.
A war of words has erupted over a policy that deals with what languages children are taught in schools.
The plane's toilets broke down as they were clogged by plastic bags and clothes, "causing discomfort to all".
An overview of the media in India, as well as links to broadcasters and newspapers.
Provides an overview of India, including key events and facts about the world's largest democracy.
An overview of the media in Indian- and Pakistan-controlled Kashmir, and links to broadcasters.
Provides an overview of Kashmir, which has been partitioned between India and Pakistan since 1947.
Which sides are on course to make the Champions Trophy semi-finals? Who has the most runs? And who has taken the most wickets?
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.